Update apps-win32-add.md (#2797)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/apps/apps-win32-add.md

        - **MSI product code**: Add a valid MSI product code for the app.
        - **MSI product version check**: Select **Yes** to verify the MSI product version in addition to the MSI product code.
    - **File**: Verify based on file or folder detection, date, version, or size.

>         - **Path**: Enter the full path of the folder that contains the file or folder to detect. This should not include special characters like , or " .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Path**: Enter the full path of the folder that contains the file or folder to detect. This should not include special characters such as **,** or **"**.
```
